Fix language errors in extensions (#1949)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/extensions/partials/proc_creating-a-telemetry-plugin.adoc

Create a `meta.yaml` definition representing a {prod-short} plug-in that runs your custom back-end in a workspace Pod. For more information about `meta.yaml`, see xref:end-user-guide:what-is-a-che-theia-plug-in.adoc[].

.meta.yaml
====
[source,yaml]
----
include::example$telemetry/sample_meta.yaml[]
----
====

> In most cases, a user would deploy this file to a corporate web server. For this guide, create an Apache web server on OpenShift and host the plug-in there.

Reviewer: Removing the `we` in this sentence changes its meaning. I'd put it back in.

Author: `we` is one of words we reject.

Author: You got a point: the complete procedure should be reviewed for modularity and language.
I added all errors reported by vale in the description of the PR to make it clear

Reviewer 2: Maybe reword the whole sentence? 
"This guide demonstrates how to create an Apache..."
or
"This section guides you..."
?

Author: "This guide demonstrates how to create an Apache..." let's go.

Followup: https://github.com/eclipse/che/issues/19567

> In most cases, a user would deploy this file to a corporate web server. For this guide, create an Apache web server on OpenShift and host the plug-in there.

Author: ```suggestion
In most cases, a user would deploy this file to a corporate web server. This guide demonstrates how to create an Apache web server on OpenShift and host the plug-in there.
```
